Add new UI image, update page, add artifacts optimization (#6322)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/artifacts.md

          path: /tmp/artifacts
```

> The `store_artifacts` step uploads two build artifacts: a file (`/tmp/artifact-1`) and a directory (`/tmp/artifacts`). After the artifacts successfully upload, view them in the **Artifacts** tab of the **Job** page in your browser. If you're uploading hundreds of artifacts, then consider [compressing and uploading as a single compressed file](https://support.circleci.com/hc/en-us/articles/360024275534?input_string=store_artifacts+step) to accelerate this step. There is no limit on the number of `store_artifacts` steps a job can run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `store_artifacts` step uploads two build artifacts: a file (`/tmp/artifact-1`) and a directory (`/tmp/artifacts`). After the artifacts successfully upload, view them in the **Artifacts** tab of the **Job** page in your browser. If you are uploading hundreds of artifacts, then consider [compressing and uploading as a single compressed file](https://support.circleci.com/hc/en-us/articles/360024275534?input_string=store_artifacts+step) to accelerate this step. There is no limit on the number of `store_artifacts` steps a job can run.
```
